# Document: Cloud Implementation Proposal.pdf

## Source
Original file: Cloud Implementation Proposal.pdf

## Summary
This PDF document contains 8 pages.

## Content
	-	1	-				Proposed	IT	Consolidation	Solution	2016	For:				
			By:	Matthew	Slade	Specialized	Insurance	Technology	Consultant			

	-	2	-	Current	Configuration:		• On	premises	server	• Onsite	ASA	(firewall)	with	advanced	configuration	• Separate	Internet	connection	for	Data	• Separate	Internet	connection	for	Voice	(phones)	• Multi-Switch	configuration	each	with	complex	routing	• Desktop	towers	and	Tablets	• Install	programs	• Maintenance	from	offsite	third	party	for	onsite	devices	• Third	party	vendor	for	IT	onsite	service	• Internal	IT	emergent	service	handled	by	internal	personnel	• Limited	remote	access	allowed	by	VPN	• Disaster	Plan	24-hour	service	• Offsite	backup	and	failure	recovery		The	current	state	of	the	system	is	functional	and	with	a	standard	set	to	backup	tools	and	maintenance.		Because	of	varying	partners	in	the	history	of	the	system,	it	has	become	somewhat	undocumented	and	in	some	cases	un-know	as	to	the	state	and	of	which	device	controls	certain	functions.		There	are	several	points	of	possible	failure,	and	even	in	the	case	of	an	emergency	to	rebuild	the	network	such	as	the	phones	and	the	server	network	and	it’s	routing	would	take	days.		The	most	necessary	points	that	need	to	be	addressed	are	below.		1. The	Network	Stack	a. Multiple	switches	with	complex	setup	that	is	undocumented	internally.		If	one	were	to	fail	there	would	be	no	way	to	rebuild	it	from	a	backup	or	from	documentation.	b. Port	mapping	and	outdated	maps	of	the	network	need	to	be	documented	as	well.		If	there	came	an	issue	with	the	network	it	would	greatly	reduce	the	time	in	trouble	shooting	2. Server	Planning	a. The	current	server	is	functioning	well	as	of	now,	but	there	will	need	to	be	a	replacement	plan	in	place	if	it	is	to	be	maintained.			b. A	backup	from	“bare	metal”	if	there	is	a	machine	failure	at	current	state	would	take	days	to	rebuild	if	it	were	done	from	the	online	backup	

	-	3	-	3. Phone	configuration	a. Currently	limited	to	the	one	internet	connection.		An	outage	on	this	line	will	cause	the	phones	to	fail	b. Documentation	on	phones	is	outdated	c. Network	constrains	do	not	allow	for	Biggs	to	take	advantage	of	new	upgrades	to	the	internet	due	to	complex	and	undocumented	switching	4. PC	Standardization	a. Slow	to	install	and	could	cause	delays	in	production	per	user	as	they	are	down.		Rich	does	a	great	job	making	sure	they	are	up	and	running,	however	in	the	case	of	multiple	failures	and	coordinating	a	disaster	recovery	could	be	hampering	b. Rich’s	time	is	consumed	by	many	hours	a	week	in	dealing	with	PC	and	technical	issues	in	setting	up	PC’s		c. Old	machines	could	be	used	in	production	if	there	is	a	plan	and	a	way	to	use	virtual	desktops	in	the	cloud	5. Security	a. Current	routers	are	outdated	and	do	not	have	the	current	firmware	and	are	not	up	to	the	new	standards	b. A	breach	in	the	system	locally	or	by	a	user	could	hold	Biggs	liable	for	security	attacks	c. Employees	that	depart	or	if	one	became	malicious	could	remove	data	from	the	premises	d. Compliancy	up	to	the	standards	of	HIPPA	regulations	lacking	6. Support	a. Currently	there	are	multiple	places	you	need	to	turn	for	support	b. Complications	on	who	to	call	as	multiple	venders	support	different	devices	c. If	there	were	a	failure,	Rich	would	need	to	be	the	on	onsite	to	help,	restricting	his	freedom	because	of	emergencies	and	taking	him	away	from	what	he	does	best			

	-	4	-	Proposed	Solution		• Virtualize	the	server	• Update	the	ASA	in	software	• Merge	data	and	voice	lines	and	make	them	into	a	redundant	system	• Merge	switches	and	eliminate	complex	routing	• Move	from	desktop	computers	to	Thin	Clients	that	require	no	maintenance	• Virtualize	the	entire	office	• Consolidate	into	the	cloud	• One	backup	every	night	of	the	complete	system	• Full	remote	access	(allowed	on	a	per	user	basis	decided	by	management)	• Disaster	recovery	in	the	event	of	natural	disaster/fire/etc		By	virtualizing	the	entire	network	for	Biggs	insurance,	removing	the	servers	and	placing	them	in	the	cloud	you	eliminate	the	need	for	a	complex	network.		You	also	eliminate	the	need	for	a	backup	or	disaster	recovery	plan.		All	will	operate	in	the	cloud	from	an	offsite	or	even	home	computer	if	needed.		Any	device	that	is	internet	enabled	can	have	access	to	the	system	on	a	secured	connection	beyond	any	HIPPA	regulation.		1. The	Network	Stack	a. The	current	equipment	can	still	be	used	but	simplified.		Current	complex	configuration	will	be	removed	and	the	firewall	and	router	will	be	basic	connections,	because	there	is	no	data	onsite	b. Port	mapping	will	be	completed	and	in	the	case	of	a	network	port	outage	it	will	be	replaced	within	minutes	2. Server	a. The	server	will	be	virtualized	in	the	cloud,	there	will	never	be	a	need	to	buy	another	server,	or	update	the	equipment.		b. All	changes	to	the	system	will	be	made	in	a	test	environment	in	the	future	to	eliminate	glitches	3. Phone	Configuration	a. All	will	be	mapped	and	simplified	b. Replacement	system	with	little	to	no	increase	in	current	fee’s	and	pricing	and	there	will	be	no	need	for	layout	of	cash	for	phone	complex	phone	systems	in	the	future		

	-	5	-	4. PC	Standardization	a. Because	it	is	virtual,	there	will	be	no	need	for	desktop	computers	b. Tablets	will	move	to	only	3-4	and	be	checked	out	as	needed	c. PC	Costs	will	drop	from	about	$1,400.00	to	$200.00	and	there	will	be	no	configuration	or	downtime	5. Security	a. Because	there	will	be	no	data	onsite,	there	is	no	need	for	complex	configuration	b. Citrix	Virtualization	that	will	be	done	by	the	vendor	is	beyond	HIPPA	compliancy	and	will	reduce	liability	for	BIGGS	c. Lockdown	of	data	so	that	employees	cannot	have	access	to	remove	data	d. Complete	compliancy	with	government	and	company	regulations	6. Support	a. You	will	move	to	one	point	of	contact	for	all	tech	needs	that	operate	24/7	with	no	additional	cost	so	the	service.		The	New	System		Virtualization	has	been	occurring	for	years	and	is	a	stable	and	proven	technology.		My	years	with	rapidly	growing	and	established	insurance	companies	has	proven	time	and	time	again	this	is	the	way	to	go.		Fortune	500	companies	use	this	as	a	standard	and	until	recently	the	costs	have	been	prohibitive.		Costs	have	fallen	and	it	has	become	a	necessity	to	simplify	IT	on	the	Small	to	Medium	business	sector.		Currently	the	hurdles	in	getting	there	are	limited	to	knowledge	on	the	transition	and	to	vet	out	the	solutions	in	an	accurate	and	documented	matter.		Virtualization	will	be	the	mainstay	soon,	and	companies	will	have	to	move	this	way.		Getting	the	transition	only	bolsters	the	positions	of	the	companies	that	get	their	first	and	allow	them	to	be	progressive	and	embrace	profit	centers	they	may	not	even	realize	exist.		This	simplifies	the	experience	for	clients,	the	business,	as	well	as	the	employees	that	work	there	every	day.		

	-	6	-	Cost	Analysis	and	Projections	Virsage	Cost	Quantity	Totals									Price	Per	User	$104.99	45	$4,724.55	Hosted	Server	$350.00	1	$350.00	Computers	(predicting	5	a	year	including	Office	averaged	monthly	@	$320)	$133.33	1	$133.33	Onsite	Technical	Work	$500.00	1	$500.00	Implementation	$12,000.00	1	$1,000.00	Office	$0.00	0	$0.00													Totals	$6,707.88					PIA	Discount	Users	$450.00					PIA	Discount	Server	$35.00					Office	365	Migration	$0.00													Monthly	Total	$6,222.88					Setup	$4,793.00																					Year	1	$87,202.48					PIA	Discount	$6,305.00					Year	1	After	Discounts	$80,897.48													Year	2	Total	$68,451.72		All	work	above	will	be	completed	in	the	term	of	2	months.		There	will	be	a	1	month	duplicate	of	agreement	for	the	transition	of	the	independent	consultant	(Matt	Slade)	to	replace	the	vendor	(Paperwise)	as	the	IT	provider.		At	the	end	of	the	transition	period,	or	sooner	if	completed,	Biggs	Insurance	Services	will	be	transferred	to	either	Virsage,	at	which	point	Matt	Slade	will	provide	all	requested	Biggs	Insurance	Services	technology	needs,	(directly	related	to	business)	for	the	remainder	of	the	calendar	2017	year	at	$500	a	month	for	up	to	20	hours	a	month.	

	-	7	-	The	setup	process	includes	but	is	not	limited	to:		• Migration	of	all	data	• Coordination	with	Paperwise	• Process	for	Kangaroo,	Thin	Client,	and	PC	for	off	the	shelf	setup	• Prioritization	of	Internet	Traffic	• Remote	device	access	• 20	hours	a	week	of	onsite	work	through	the	transition	• Interim	IT	onsite	staffing	for	the	period	• Coordination	of	contracts,	(Epic	transition	and	sundry	contracts)	• Virtual	CTO	services	• Suggestions	and	implementation	of	efficiencies	(example:	eSignature)	• Planning	for	transition	of	other	technology	solutions	such	as	phones	• Printer	Driver	transition	• Server	transfer	• Removal	and	certified	destruction	of	retired	computers	and	equipment	• Completion	of	Virsage	transition																					

	-	8	-		A	fee	of	$12,000	will	be	paid	by	Biggs	Insurance	Services	to	Matthew	Slade	for	coordination	and	follow	through	on	all	objectives.		On	completion	of	implementation	not	to	exceed	2	months	a	fee	of	$500.00	a	month	will	be	paid	for	1	calendar	year	for	maintenance	for	up	to	20	hours	a	month	of	onsite	and	unlimited	remote	assistance.		If	the	above	objectives	run	over	the	allotted	time,	the	independent	contractor	will	make	all	reasonable	effort	at	no	additional	cost	with	no	hourly	limit	after	the	2	months	allotted	time.		The	monthly	reoccurring	charge	of	$500.00	will	not	commence	until	the	above	objectives	are	satisfied.						Signed:				____________________________					Biggs	Insurance	Representative											____________________________					Matthew	Slade	Independent	Contractor					

