# Document: Proposed IT Consolidation Solution_.pdf

## Source
Original file: Proposed IT Consolidation Solution_.pdf

## Summary
This PDF document contains 5 pages.

## Content
			Proposed	IT	Consolidation	Solution	2016	For:				
			By:	Matthew	Slade	Specialized	Insurance	Technology	Consultant			

Suggested	Service	Contract		After	spending	a	significant	amount	of	time	on	getting	to	know	Biggs	Insurance	Services	inner	workings,	and	after	the	recent	relocation	of	staff	to	a	different	floor,	a	lot	has	become	apparent.		Biggs	has	been	maintained	mainly	by	a	third	party	IT	company	that	works	remotely,	with	some	limited	assistance	from	another	company	contracted	to	be	there	local	presence.		It	falls	mainly	on	Biggs	to	provide	immediate	assistance	in	resolving	issues,	reporting	issues,	and	ultimately	resolving	them.		The	system	has	operated	very	adequately	and	been	well	maintained,	however	there	are	a	number	of	outlying	issues	that	will	prove	to	cause	issues	as	Biggs	grows	and	changes.		I	am	suggesting	a	30-day	contract	to	address	these	concerns.		The	issues	I	am	referring	to	are	not	presently	causing	an	delay	in	service,	unless	there	is	a	down	machine.		However,	things	such	as	merging	your	networks	to	take	advantage	of	more	uptime,	wiring	outlines,	server	maintenance,	and	PC	setup	can	become	overwhelming	in	a	perfect	storm.		I	have	spent	the	past	10	years	in	IT	in	the	insurance	industry	specifically.		Biggs	current	state	can	be	significantly	modified	with	improvements	to	connectivity,	standard	processes,	and	reduction	in	computer	cost.		The	proposal	will	allow	Biggs	to	take	advantage	of	unlimited	support	calls	and	onsite	attention	for	20	hours	a	week	in	which	I	will	be	there	to	support,	advice	optimize	and	work	with	Biggs	to	plan	its	future.		You	will	have	a	guaranteed	80-hours	of	work,	documented	and	a	full	breakdown	of	what	has	been	accomplished	and	suggestions	as	well	as	assistance	in	implantation	moving	forward.		I	propose	a	guaranteed	80-hours	first	month	with	option	for	continuation.		Because	of	the	bulk	work	and	Biggs	need	and	also	my	availability	for	the	next	month,	our	current	rate	will	be	dramatically	dropped.			

	Biggs	Currently		1. The	Network	Stack	a. Multiple	switches	with	complex	setup	that	is	undocumented	internally.		If	one	were	to	fail	there	would	be	no	way	to	rebuild	it	from	a	backup	or	from	documentation.	b. Port	mapping	and	outdated	maps	of	the	network	need	to	be	documented	as	well.		If	there	came	an	issue	with	the	network	it	would	greatly	reduce	the	time	in	trouble	shooting	2. Server	Planning	a. The	current	server	is	functioning	well	as	of	now,	but	there	will	need	to	be	a	replacement	plan	in	place	if	it	is	to	be	maintained.			b. A	backup	from	“bare	metal”	if	there	is	a	machine	failure	at	current	state	would	take	days	to	rebuild	if	it	were	done	from	the	online	backup	3. Phone	configuration	a. Currently	limited	to	the	one	internet	connection.		An	outage	on	this	line	will	cause	the	phones	to	fail	b. Documentation	on	phones	is	outdated	c. Network	constrains	do	not	allow	for	Biggs	to	take	advantage	of	new	upgrades	to	the	internet	due	to	complex	and	undocumented	switching	4. PC	Standardization	a. Slow	to	install	and	could	cause	delays	in	production	per	user	as	they	are	down.	In	the	case	of	multiple	failures	or	coordinating	a	disaster	recovery	could	be	hampering	b. Old	machines	could	be	used	in	production	as	backups	5. Security	a. Current	routers	are	outdated	and	do	not	have	the	current	firmware	and	are	not	up	to	the	new	standards	b. A	breach	in	the	system	locally	or	by	a	user	could	hold	Biggs	liable	for	security	attacks	c. Employees	that	depart	or	if	one	became	malicious	could	remove	data	from	the	premises			

6. Support	a. Currently	there	are	multiple	places	you	need	to	turn	for	support	b. Complications	on	who	to	call	as	multiple	venders	support	different	devices	c. If	there	were	a	failure,	Rich	would	need	to	be	the	on	onsite	to	help,	restricting	his	freedom	because	of	emergencies	and	taking	him	away	from	what	he	does	best			Biggs	Consolidation		1. The	Network	Stack	a. The	current	equipment	can	still	be	used	but	simplified.		Current	complex	configuration	will	be	removed	and	the	firewall	and	router	will	be	basic	connections,	because	there	is	no	data	onsite	b. Port	mapping	will	be	completed	and	in	the	case	of	a	network	port	outage	it	will	be	replaced	within	minutes	2. Server	a. The	server	will	be	virtualized	in	the	cloud,	there	will	never	be	a	need	to	buy	another	server,	or	update	the	equipment.		b. All	changes	to	the	system	will	be	made	in	a	test	environment	in	the	future	to	eliminate	glitches	3. Phone	Configuration	a. All	will	be	mapped	and	simplified	b. Replacement	system	with	little	to	no	increase	in	current	fee’s	and	pricing	and	there	will	be	no	need	for	layout	of	cash	for	phone	complex	phone	systems	in	the	future		4. PC	Standardization	a. Because	it	is	virtual,	there	will	be	no	need	for	desktop	computers	b. Tablets	will	move	to	only	3-4	and	be	checked	out	as	needed	c. PC	Costs	will	drop	from	about	$1,400.00	to	$200.00	and	there	will	be	no	configuration	or	downtime	5. Security	a. Update	Routers,	first	by	firmware	and	then	device	b. Lockdown	of	data	so	that	employees	cannot	have	access	to	remove	data	

	We	agree	to	a	joint	30-day	commitment	between	Biggs	Insurance	Services	and	Independent	Contractor	Matthew	Slade.		The	agreement	beginning	on	November	7th	2016	will	terminate	on	December	7th	2016.		Both	parties	at	that	time	will	assess	needs	and	effectiveness	and	come	to	a	separate	agreement	if	they	decide	to	continue.		A	retainer	of	$7,000.00	will	be	paid	to	Matthew	Slade	by	Biggs	Insurance	Services	in	advance	of	the	work,	and	detailed	documentation	of	hours	will	be	provided	on	a	weekly	basis	on	every	Friday	beginning	on	November	11th	2016	and	subsequent	weeks	through	the	agreement.		Matthew	Slade	agrees	to	provide	no	less	but	not	limited	to	80-hours	of	onsite	work	during	the	30-day	period,	with	unlimited	hours	in	planning,	troubleshooting,	coordinating,	and	development	throughout	the	period.						Signed:		____________________________				_________________	Biggs	Insurance	Representative					Date		____________________________				_________________	Matthew	Slade	Independent	Contractor				Date		

